[Music]
hi it's Sophie from BBC good food I'm
going to show you how to make
marshmallows marshmallows are much
easier to make than you think but you
just got to make sure you've got all
your ingredients together before you
start so here I just got a roasting tray
which I've lined with baking parchment
and then at the bottom I've sprinkled on
a mixture of corn flour and icing sugar
then I've got a bowl of cold water here
in which I'm going to soak my gelatin
I've got my egg whites my stand mixer
ready to go and then in my pan I've got
a mixture of granulated sugar some water
and a little bit of liquid glucose which
is going to help my sugar syrup if you
don't have a stand mixer don't worry you
can do this they'll be effectively with
an electric whisk but make sure you
don't have a too heavy pan as you're
gonna need to whisk and pour your sugar
syrup at the same time so first things
first we're just going to get my sugar
syrup on to cook you want to start
cooking your sugar syrup on a really low
heat so the sugar can all dissolve
before it boils the only bit of fancy
equipment you need is a sugar selamat
err and you can pick these up really
cheaply and they're great to have around
the kitchen especially if you're making
jam now that I've got my sugar syrup on
to boil I'm just going to soak my
gelatine leaves it's good to soak these
individually so they don't stick
together in the cold water
[Music]
I merely my dirt in to soak for a few
minutes and I'm just gonna start
whisking my egg whites you want to whisk
the egg whites until they're stiff peaks
my shakers Oh nicely dissolved now so
I'm just gonna put in my sugar
thermometer and bring the liquid up to
125 degrees Celsius
[Music]
so my sugar syrup is at 125 degrees so
I'm going to really carefully pour it
onto my egg whites
[Music]
now that all my sugar syrup is added I'm
gonna add my gelatin ring each sheet of
any excess water and add it to the
meringue
if you wanted to color your marshmallows
a reducer at this stage are the Italian
occipital food coloring into the mix
[Music]
that's my marshmallow done I'm just
gonna spoon it into my prepared tin
[Music]
to finish my marshmallows off I'm just
going to dust them with a mixture of
corn flour and icing sugar
[Music]
that's my marshmallows done I'm going to
need them to set for two hours at room
temperature my marshmallow is lovely and
set so I'm just going to cut it into
squares save the trimmings Jess perks
[Music]
young and that's how to make
marshmallows from BBC good food
[Music]